# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

# Sustain & Serve Website README

## Table of Contents

- ### Introduction
- ### Website Theme
- ### Layout
- ### Navbar
- ### Live-site Link
  - #### Content of the Project:
  - #### MONGODB Database:
  - #### Image hosting:
  - #### Tailwind as CSS:
  - #### Daisyui as CSS Framework:
  - #### User Interaction:
    - #### Home page:
    - #### Single Food Details Page:
    - #### Available Foods Page:
    - #### Login & Registration Systems:

## Introduction:

Welcome to my “Sustain & Serve Website” project!
This README provides an overview of some major features of this project.

## Live-site Link

The Live Site Link is in the Below:

## Features

### Projects Features

- #### Website Theme:

  This project focuses on creating a user-friendly, socially impactful Community Food Sharing and Surplus Reduction Platform. We aim to connect those with surplus food to those in need, reducing food waste and addressing hunger. The platform is built using technologies like React, Firebase, Node.js (Express.js), and MongoDB.

- #### MONGODB Database:

  The data in the project represents an array of course related objects which is fetched from mongodb Database
  There are 8 specified properties, namely:

  - “\_id”

  - “food name”

  - “food image”
  - “donor image”
  - “donor name”

  - “location”

  - “expired data”

  - “additional notes”

  Each card possess a unique sets of id generated by mongobd.

- #### Image hosting:

  The images which are hosted in https://imgbb.com/ website. The URL generated by this website is added in to the JSON data.

- #### Tailwind as CSS:

  The CSS framework that’s been used in this project is Tailwind and Daisyui.

- #### User Interaction:

#### Home page:

A navbar and Footer is common in every pages. But Home page contains a Banner, Brand Show, Our Motto, Brands section where are 6 cards. 3 cards in a row.

#### Layout:

The website features a consistent navbar and footer on all pages except for the 404-page.
The footer includes the website logo and name, a copyright notice, contact information, social media links, and an address.

#### Navbar:

- Website name with logo
- Home
- Available Foods
- Add Food
- Manage My Foods
- My Food Request
- Login/Signup

#### Login & Registration System:

The login and registration pages display relevant error messages when necessary.
Login Page: Offers email/password, Google/GitHub sign-in, and a link to the registration page.
Registration Page: Collects name, email, password, and photo URL.

## Conclusion

This README file just give an overall feature of the Github project.
